Retrofit changes into 1.3 (#162)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/enable-inbound-traffic.adoc

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]
|===
|Value |Description
| *Max Connections*
| The maximum number of simultaneous connections to allow.

*Default value*: 512 connections

| *Max Requests per Connection*

> | The maximum number of requests per connections to allow. +

Reviewer: connections > connection
```suggestion
| The maximum number of requests per connection to allow. +
```

> Because this value determines how much reuse a connection allows, consider the amount of CPU required to terminate and reestablish a TLS-encrypted connection when lowering this value.

Reviewer: when lowering > before lowering?
```suggestion
Because this value determines how much reuse a connection allows, consider the amount of CPU required to terminate and reestablish a TLS-encrypted connection before lowering this value.
```

| *Read Request Time-out*
| The maximum amount of time spent to read a request before it is terminated.
This value enables requests with large payloads or slow clients to be terminated to keep resources available.
This helps guard against connection pool exhaustion from slow requests or from clients who don't close connections after a response is sent.

If a Mule application takes longer to respond, the connection is automatically closed.
This value should always be lower than the *Connection Idle Time-out* value previously configured.

*Default value*: 10 seconds

| *Read Response Time-out*
| The maximum amount of time spent to initiate a response before the connection is terminated.
This value enables requests with large payloads be terminated to keep resources available.

*Default value*: 300 seconds

| *Write Response Time-out*
| The maximum amount of time spent from the end of the request header read to the end of the response write before the request is terminated.

*Default value*: 10 seconds

| *Max pipeline depth*
| The maximum amount of requests to allow from the same client. +
This value defines how many simultaneous requests a client can send. +

> If a client exceeds this number, the exceeding requests are not read until the requests in the queue receive a response.

Reviewer: Hmm...I want to replace "exceeding requests"....
How about
```suggestion
If a client reaches this number, no subsequent requests are read until the requests in the queue receive a response.
```
